## Introduction

This is a demonstration, library for easy usage of MAM.
To demonstrate more clear and comprehensive usage of MAM, both sending and receiving message operation in example programs use NTRU to encode and decode the messages.

## Build instructions
User can use files in example to send and receive messages through MAM.

To build `send_message`
```
$ bazel build //examples:send_message
```

To build `receive_message`
```
$ bazel build //examples:send_message
```

To build `gen_key`
```
$ bazel build //examples:gen_key
```

## Usage
### usage flow
1. run `gen_key` to generate key.
2. run `send_message` to send message.
3. run `receive_message` to receive message

### gen_key
To generate a keypair for encoding/decoding MAM message. We can run `gen_key` with the following command.
```
$ ./gen_key <key file name>
```
Then `gen_key` will generate a key file for storing the NTRU key.

### send_message
For `send_message` you can give the command as following.
```
$ ./send_message <payload> <NTRU key file path>
```
<"payload"> is the message that user want to send to MAM.
<"NTRU key file path"> is the NTRU public key file path.
NTRU key pair will be used in encoding the messages. This public key is generated by `gen_key`.

### receive_message
For `receive_message` you can take the following steps to receive a message from tangle.
```
$ ./receive_message
```
Then you have to input `bundle hash`, `chid (channel ID)` and `epid (endpoint ID)` sequentially.
These information will be generated after `send_message` sent a message sucessfully.

After you input all the information which were asked correctly, the message will be printed on terminal.

## Requirements
bazel
